>> Brian Holt: We're going to go implement
these three different traversals.
And hopefully seeing all three
of them side by side you'll see
that they're relatively similar.
It's just really reordering
the statements, right?
So if you remember doing
recursion from part one, the first
thing that you always do when you're
doing recursion is base case, right?
Figuring out what's your base case is.
So there's a couple ways of doing it.
The way that I prefer to do it which
makes the code a little bit simpler.
Is I say if node is undefined or
null or anything like that,
then just return, right?
So that's what I'm gonna do here, so
if no node, then just return array.
And that's it.
That we we don't have
to do any other checks.
We can just pass anything in.
And we'll be sure that if
node is not actually no,
then it's just going to return.
So first thing we're gonna in pre-order,
right,
is we're going to process the node, right?
So we're going to do
array.push(node.value), okay?
Then what we're going to do in pre-order
traversal is process the left tree.
So we're going to call array
= preorderTraverse(node.left,
array); right?
Then we're gonna do the same thing with
node.right and
then we're going to return the array.
Now, when my right leaf points out
that I am operating on the array so
its actually not entirely necessary for
me to return the array.
That's just force of habit on my part,
but if you don't feel like doing that,
that's fine, too, so.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's just go down and make sure that I'm
not crazy, which this will definitively
prove that I'm not.
>> Brian Holt: But
we should see here that preorderTraverse
is working as expected.
Cool?
>> Brian Holt: So
now that we've coded one of these
they're all pretty similar, right?
They're more or
less doing the same thing and
we're just reordering them in some sense.
So in this particular case,
does this work?
Nope, it doesn't, not in CodePen.
But what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to move array.push
between the two.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's what inorder traversal is, right?
This one you're gonna process the node
first, right? This one you're gonna
process in the middle.
And spoiler alert,
this one you process it last, right?
But let's go take a look and
make sure that that's actually the case.
>> Brian Holt: It's not,
apparently.
>> Speaker 2: You didn't change
the function names.
>> Brian Holt: I didn't.
You're right.
The dangers of copy paste code.
Never done that before.
Cool, so that works.
>> Brian Holt: Lastly
we're gonna do post order traversal,
this time learning from my mistakes.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
here I changed it to postorder, postorder.
And then the last thing I
do is add it to the array.
We'll go down here and remove the x.
>> Brian Holt: And
we'll try running it again.
>> Brian Holt: And now we have all three.
In pre-order, in order,
and post order traversal.
>> Brian Holt: Questions?
It makes sense?
>> Brian Holt: I see people kinda
like just tilting their heads.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So.
[COUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Hopefully this at least
illustrates to you the kind of
thedifferent strategies for
processing a tree in some capacity